oh that's right we're videotaping the
whole deal I somebody take the computer
out of Q I can hear the computer sound
good you sell booze
his son goes out to all the boys that
want to date Brooke haha all four
of you Dante since you're videotaping
this and we're gonna put it up on Brooks
myspace watch you flip around and just
show Brooke really quick so guys know
what they're getting oh my god I look
like crap okay cover your face quick I'm
glad there's the camera that's right
I'll put a bag on my head alright so
here's the song is everybody ready yeah
we're ready Fox
needs a male
someone the wheel
understand how tough it is how hard it
is to date a raging bed every night if
that's you listen to our pitch you ready
hey I don't know any man that wants her
you should know every man will know her
cuz she kinda is look life it is Amanda
you desire me I hope think you were
under the height the five hahaha she
drinks PBR so there's one thing that's
great anywhere you take her she's gonna
be a cheap date in all honesty she's a
great girl
with no money down you can take her Oh
for a world good kind of know Brooke Fox
needs a man
someone
understand how hard it is how tough it
is to date Rav hope you enjoyed it let's
do